Each developing organ reaches its best potential at every moment.
its best potential.
Each stage of development is almost a function.
In an early stage, the peritoneum almost first expressed
an osmotic membrane
which could be considered a primitive kidney.
The peritoneum can, in some cases, revert to a dialysis membrane.
The peritoneum, the spleen.
Even certain parts of the myocardium can re-express ontogenetic situations
of adaptation at the beginning of embryo development and re-perform
functions.
The spleen is very important in the development of an embryo for the entire development of the circulatory system.
circulatory system.
When you have the establishment of a circulatory system, there are pressures that
occur at the level of the spleen, which will open volumes or not.
To have a vessel, we need four components.
To have a trajectory, I need a metabolic concentration,
I need vacuolizations, and the presence of intercellular substances.
So when I have a vessel, it's like a rainbow.
Momentarily, in a space-time, there is the sun, there is the
rain,
there is the right inclination, there is the appearance.
rainbow. To use this analogy, if I have these conditions that appear,
there is a
vessel that can appear. But in the same idea, if I lose a characteristic,
my vessel
disappears. And you will see that in the ontogenetic process, there
are vessels that appear
and then at some point, after having done other levels, they will disappear.
Because
you really have a very important volumetric balance.
between my heart, between my liver, between the spleen and between the
small intestine.
These are blood sponges, along with your lungs.
They work together.
We will see, for example, that at birth,
not only are there bone compressions,
but also volumetric compressions.
And if I compress, I increase the blood here or there.
And I modify patterns again.
You have people like that who are blocked on the spleen.
We call them splenic.
Mentally, it gives melancholics.
We need to release the pressure fields.
Because we rely on volumes.
Our mentality relies on volumes.
I'm looking for my thank you.
I'm looking for my point of gratitude.
I can rebalance myself, you see.
In truth.
And the embryo shows you that.